Module 4 Quiz


1. Pregunta 1 - OK
Based on the simple code example in the Topic 4.2 lecture video, which of the following are true of phasers?

B. Using phasers can help to reduce the critical path but does not affect the work of this parallel program.

2. Pregunta 2 - OK
True or False, if a given thread has hit a next and is now in wait mode, then we can state that at least some other threads have also hit a next and have done a signal of the phaser.


False


3. Pregunta 3 - NO
Given three tasks and three phasers (ph0, ph1, and ph2), which of the following code snippets uses phasers to implement what is semantically a barrier?

A
B

4. Pregunta 4 - OK
What is the primary benefit of using a phaser over a barrier?

B. Phasers allow for a more precise definition of the dependencies in a parallel program, potentially exposing more parallelism.

5. Pregunta 5 - OK
True or False, a child task waiting on a phaser registered with the parent task will cause a deadlock if the parent task reaches the end of the scope in which the phaser is declared without issuing a signal.


True

6. Pregunta 6 -  OK
Consider the example pipeline in the Topic 4.4 lecture video. If instead of using phasers we used barriers to implement synchronization between the pipeline stages, would you expect performance to improve, worsen, or remain the same?


Worsen


7. Pregunta 7 - NO
Given a hardware platform with C cores, assuming an infinite supply of equally sized and immediately available inputs, assuming that each pipeline stage can only process one input at a time, and assuming that each pipeline stage takes the same amount of time, how would the speedup of a parallel pipeline scale with the number of pipeline stages P? Ignore any effects from warming up the pipeline.


D. Because each stage can only process one input at a time, speedup would never go beyond 1x.
C. The speedup achieved by a parallel pipeline would scale linearly for all P.

8. Pregunta 8 - OK
True or False, the order in which dataflow asyncAwait tasks are launched affects the logical ordering of their execution.

False

9. Pregunta 9
Below are three code snippets, each containing the definition of a task from the same program. These tasks use three phasers (ph0, ph1, and ph2) to synchronize among themselves. Which of the code snippet options below using asyncAwait and data-driven futures f0, f1 and f2 is semantically equivalent to these three phaser-synchronized tasks?

B
A

10. Pregunta 10 - OK
True or False, there are computation graphs that can be expressed using explicit waits on futures (e.g. A.get()) that cannot be expressed using dataflow programming (i.e. asyncAwait(A)).


False
